Please answer the below core-java Questions:

What is programing language?
A->A programming language is a formal language that specifies a set of instructions that can be used to produce various kinds of output.
Programming languages generally consist of instructions for a computer.
Programming languages can be used to create programs that implement specific algorithms.

What jdk contains or composed of and define each components?
A->JDK stands for Java Development Kit. The components of JDK are:
    *	The Runtime Interpreter
    *	The Compiler
    *	The Applet Viewer
    *   The Debug
    *	The Class File Disassembler
    *	The Header and Stub File Generator
    *	The Documentation Generator
    *	Applet Demos
    *	API Source Code

What is IDE?
A->IDE: Integrated Development Environment.

What are the IDEs available in the market to support java?
A->There are many IDEs available in the market to support Java. Eclipse, IntelliJ, DrJava, JDeveloper, JEdit are to name a few.

Explain the entire java life cycle.
A->Editor -> Source code -> Java compiler -> Byte codes -> JVM -> Operating system

what is class?
A-> class is a blue print of an object.

What is object?
A->Object is an instance of a Class.

What is the entry point of an application?
A->Entry point is where the processor enters a program or a code fragment and execution begins.

Why main is static?
A->Main is static because it is called by the JVM before any objects are made.

Which class is the superclass of all classes?
A->The Object class, which is stored in the java.lang package, is the ultimate superclass of all Java classes (except for Object ).

What is difference between path and classpath variables?
A->1).Path is an environment variable which is used by the operating system to find the executables.
Classpath is an environment variable which is used by the Java compiler to find the path, of classes.
   2).PATH is nothing but setting up an environment for operating system.

What is the difference between an Interface and Abstract class?
A-> The main difference between thwm is :-
    1).In methods of a Java interface are implicitly abstract and cannot have implementations.
    A Java abstract class can have instance methods that implements a default behavior.
    2).Variables declared in a Java interface is by default final. An abstract class may contain non-final variables.

Can you make an Object from an Interface and Abstract class ? if not how do you use it ?
A->Making an Object from an Intefact and Abstract class is not possible.It is more of creating an instance of an anonymous subclass of abstract class

what is Access Specifier?
A-> The three online Access Specifier are :-
 * Public,
 * Private, and
 * Protected

What is OOP ? Define each feature of java OOP.
A-> OOP: Object Oriented Programming. It's four different features are as follows:
    *	Abstraction
    *	Encapsulation
    *	Inheritance
    *	Polymorphism

What is Java Package and which package is imported by default?
A->Java Package is a compiler of the different class.
Therefore, Java.lang package is imported by default, no need to explicitly import it.
Classes in the java.lang package do not need to be imported (the compiler acts like they are always imported).

What is API? Name list of API that you have used so far.
A-> API stands for Application Programming Interface.
   So far, we have used GitHib.

Does java support multiple inheritance, explain why or why not?
A->Java does not support multiple inheritance.Because java doesn't Supports Multiple Inheritance because of ambiguity error.
No, Java Does not support multiple inheritance because it creates confusion and complexity.
To avoid ambiguity error java does not support multiple inheritance through class.
But through the interface, multiple inheritance is possible in java.

What is method overloading and when it happens?
A->Method overloading happens when two or more methods in one class have the same method name but different parameters.

Explain exceptions in java and how to handle it.
A-> The exceptions in Java are handled in two ways:
    *	Checked exceptions
    *	Unchecked exceptions


What is static keyword in java? How it has been used in variables and methods ?
A->The static keyword in java is mainly used for memory management. We can apply java static keyword with variables, methods, blocks and nested class.
The static keyword belongs to the class than instance of the class.
 The static can be:
  *  variable (also known as class variable)
  *  method (also known as class method)
  *  block
  *  nested clas

What is final and how it has been used variables and methods?
A-> Final variable: It cannot be changed.
    Final Method: It cannot be overwritten.

What is final, finally and finalize?
A-> Final, finally, and finalize are:
       *	Final class can't be inherited, final method can't be overridden and final variable value can't be changed.
       *	Finally is used to place important code, it will be executed whether exception is handled or not.
       *	Finalize is used to perform clean up processing just before object is garbage collected.

What is a constructor ?
A-> The purpose of constructor is to initialize an Object.

Can we have multiple constructors in a class?
A->Yes.
If we don't have a constructor declared, what is called during the object creation?
A->If you declare originOne like this, its value will be undetermined until an object is actually created and assigned to it.
Simply declaring a reference variable does not create an object

Simply declaring a reference variable does not create an object.
A->

What is "this" keyword in java ?
A->This" keyword is Java is a reference variable that refers to the current object.

What is "super" keyword in java? How many possible way can you use?
A->"Super" is used inside a sub-class method definition to call a method defined in the super class.
What is JVM stand for ?
A-> JVM stands for Java Virtual Machine.

Is JVM platform independent?
A->Yes.

What version of java are you using?
A->8.6
What is JAR stand for ?
A->JAR stands "Java ARchive".

What is the difference between JDK and JVM?
A->JDK is a tool kit, whereas, is an abstract machine.

What is the difference between JVM and JRE?
A->JRE is an acronym for Java Runtime Environment. It is used to provide runtime environment,
whereas JVM  is an abstract machine and it is a specification that provides runtime environment in which java bytecode can be executed.

What is compile time and run time?
A-> Compile and run time are:
    * Compile time polymorphism (static binding): method overloading
    * Runtime polymorphism (dynamic binding): method overriding

What is heap?
A-> Heap is Segment of RAM.
How java manage it's memory?
A->Memory Management in Java – Java Garbage Collection. Java Garbage Collection is the process to identify and remove the unused
objects from the memory and free space to be allocated to objects created in the future processing.
This will increase the performance of allocation of memory to newer objects.

What is the difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
A-> The difference between StringBuffer and StringBuilder are:
       *	StringBuffer is synchronized
       *	StringBuilder is not synchronized

What is Singleton class?
A->The singleton pattern is implemented by creating a class with a method that creates a new instance of the class if one does not exist

What is Serialization and Deserialization?
A-> Serialization and deserialization are as follows:
       *   Serialization is the process of converting an object into a stream of bytes in order to store the object or transmit it to memory, a database, or a file
       *   Deserialization is taking data structured from some format, and rebuilding it into an object

when to use transient variable in java?
A->The rule is, when a variable is marked as transient, its object won't be serialized during serialization.
A transient variable is a variable that may not be serialized.
You use the transient keyword to indicate to the Java virtual machine that the indicated variable is not part of the persistent state of the object.

Difference between while and do..while loop?
A->The difference between these two loops is that, in while loops, test expression is checked at first but,
 do..while loop code is executed at first then the condition is checked.
So, the code are executed at least once in do...while loops.

What is Enum?
A->In computer programming, an enumerated type is a data type consisting of a set of named values called elements, members, enumeral, or enumerators of the type.

What is Iterator?
A->In computer programming, an iterator is an object that enables a programmer to traverse a container, particularly lists.
Various types of iterators are often provided via a container's interface.

Which one will take more memory, an int or Integer?
A-> They both represents the same number of values , so therefore they both will held the same amount of memory.

Why is String Immutable in Java?
A-> String is immutable in Java so that a file or connection does not change and lead to serious security threat

What is constructor chaining in Java?
A->Calling one constructor from other is called Constructor chaining in Java
   The difference between Serial and Parallel Garbage Collector?
   Serial collector:a default copying collector which uses only one Garbage Collection thread for the Garbage Collection operation
   Parallel collector: uses multiple Garbage Collection threads for the Garbage Collection operation
   The difference between Serial and Parallel Garbage Collector?

What is JIT stands for?
A->Just in Time

Explain Java Heap space and Garbage collection?
A-> Java Heap space and Garbage collection are:
       * Java Heap space: divided into three regions for sake of garbage collection called New Generation, Old or tenured Generation or Perm Space
       * Garbage collection: The garbage collector is a program which runs on the JVM which gets rid of objects

Can you guarantee the garbage collection process?
A->The garbage collection process cannot be guaranteed

What is the difference between stack and heap in Java?
A-> The main difference between heap and stack are:
       * Stack: used to store local variables and function call
       * Heap: used to store objects in Java

What is reflection in java and why is it useful?
A->The code can be written against known interfaces, but the actual classes to be used can be instantiated using reflection from configuration files.
As Java Reflection is quite powerful and so therefore, for this it is very useful.

what is multithreading in java?
A->Multithreading in java is a process of executing multiple threads simultaneously.
Thread is basically a lightweight sub-process, a smallest unit of processing.
 Multiprocessing and multithreading, both are used to achieve multitasking.

What is the use of synchronization in Java?
A->Synchronized keyword in Java is used to provide mutually exclusive access to a shared resource with multiple threads in Java.

What is Framework?
A->Frameworks are generally refer to broad software development platforms,
the term can also be used to describe a specific framework within a larger programming environment.

What are the testing Framework available in java?
A->The Java testing framework is very simple to use, and provides annotations for test method identifications.

Difference between jUnit and testNG?
A->Major difference in TestNG and JUnit test frameworks is their scope.

What are the dependencies for this project?
A->Dependencies are the relationships of the preceding tasks to the succeeding tasks.

what is dependency injection in java?
A->A framework class, usually called the dependency container, could analyze the dependencies of this class.
With this analysis it is able to create an instance of the class and inject the objects into the defined dependencies, via Java reflection.
If dependency injection is used, a Java class can be tested in isolation.

What is static binding and dynamic binding?
A->Actual object is used for binding. It is also called early binding because binding happens during compilation.
It is also called late binding because binding happens at run time.
Method overloading is the best example of static binding. Method overriding is the best example of dynamic binding.









